README.md, before:

# Sembly

> Pithy project description

## Team

  - __Product Owner__: Omar Mohamed
  - __Scrum Master__: Spencer Lopez
  - __Development Team Members__: Carlos Flores

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    1. [Tasks](#tasks)
1. [Team](#team)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

- Node 0.10.x
- Mongo
- React-Native-Cli

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm install
```

From within Sembly directory:

```sh
npm install
```

###Testing

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm test
```

###Adding Test Data

To prepopulate database for easier development...
From within the root directory:

```sh
npm run populate
```

###Starting the app

With your mongo database runnning
Start the server from the root directory:

```sh
npm start
```

From the Sembly directory in one terminal:

```sh
npm start
```

and in another terminal: 

```sh
npm run build
```

### Roadmap

View the project roadmap [here](LINK_TO_PROJECT_ISSUES)


## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines.

Commit message:

Add link for screenshots on readme

README.md, after:

# Sembly

Social event planning and coordination for groups mobile app.

Checkout screenshots and descriptions at [My Portfolio Site](http://carlosalbertoflores.com/works)

## Team

  - __Product Owner__: Omar Mohamed
  - __Scrum Master__: Spencer Lopez
  - __Development Team Members__: Carlos Flores

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    1. [Tasks](#tasks)
1. [Team](#team)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

- Node 0.10.x
- Mongo
- React-Native-Cli

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm install
```

From within Sembly directory:

```sh
npm install
```

###Testing

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm test
```

###Adding Test Data

To prepopulate database for easier development...
From within the root directory:

```sh
npm run populate
```

###Starting the app

With your mongo database runnning
Start the server from the root directory:

```sh
npm start
```

From the Sembly directory in one terminal:

```sh
npm start
```

and in another terminal: 

```sh
npm run build
```

### Roadmap

View the project roadmap [here](LINK_TO_PROJECT_ISSUES)


## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines.
